(music)
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to whoever, happy birthday to you.
Keep going.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you.
Stop!
I knew it!
(laughter)
Mine is easy, I just have to answer a question.
What's my favorite place to go?
My favorite place to go, I would say, is the beach, but at night.
(music)
I'm Chris Alfonso from Ablevision and I'm here with Caitlin.
Hi, how are you?
Good, so what did you do today?
Today we picked up trash outside of the English School in Jamaica Plain
so we swept the fields for trash and raked stuff up
and worked together and it was really good.
(music)
We picked up trash in the recreation, like in the dugout
and then we went near the pitcher's practice
and I grabbed some bottles that I was able to reach
because the fence was bent back.
We grabbed bottles, we grabbed shards of glass,
then we went over to, like the tennis fields and we picked some glass over there
and Jeff and Lloyd and Shaq all went up in the stands and grabbed some trash there.
Why is it important to keep this park nice and clean?
Because lots of different people use it
and it's always nice to come to a clean, safe place to play.
(music)
Do you like being part of EPIC?
Of course, definitely I love to be part of EPIC!
I love being part of EPIC, EPIC is very epic!
Meaning it's amazing, it's a really good opportunity to get out in the community
and make a change and make a positive change.
Yeah, I really do because I get to be around other people that have disabilities
because I don't get to be around other people
in my town that have disabilities because they don't go out as often.
Basically what we did was we kind of we went around this,
kind of baseball field to look for litter and leaves
to kind of pick up and throw out.
What kind of trash did you pick up today?
Everything from like bottles and cans.
Leaves. We raked up the leaves that were around the field.
Paper towels, napkins, all that stuff.
Why is it important to keep the park clean?
Because if we don't the trees might get sick,
and it won't be safe and won't grow green, there won't be any grass.
Do you like being part of EPIC, Pat?
Yeah, I like it, I mean, I always believed that, as Ghandi put it,
I should be part of the change I wish to see in the world
and that the change is, that the cleaner environment,
I'm doing something for my community,
it's like an honor, it's a privilege, it's...
I'm very welcomed to be into this group, yeah.
Is it important to keep this park nice and clean?
Yes it is, yes it is very important because it could be
good for playing and it could be good, yeah.
(music)
All: EPIC!